Terms of Use.
Date of Last Revision: 01/03/22
Hi. Welcome to Mello! Let’s get started.

Mello – Sleep Sounds app ("Mello" or "we" or "us" or "our") is a simple application that helps you sleep and relax your mind. We feature a variety of calming sounds and custom mixes to help you unwind.

By using the Mello application (“app” or collectively, the “Services”), you agree to be bound by both our Terms of Use (“Terms”) and our Privacy Policy. This is a legal agreement between you and us. If you do not agree with any of these Terms, then simply do not use the Mello app. Each time you use or access the Mello app, you are responsible for being familiar with any changes or modifications to these Terms of Use, which could happen at any time.

Fees and Charges.
The Mello app contains In-App-Purchases (“IAPs”) to unlock more features and content. Please be aware that IAPs are non-refundable. Make sure you require authentication for all purchases within the Apple App Store’s settings to avoid accidental purchases. It’s a great feature that everyone should enable.
 
Limitation of Liability.
To the maximum extent permitted by law, Mello shall not be liable for any indirect, incidental, special, consequential or punitive damages, or any loss of profits or revenues, whether incurred directly or indirectly, or any loss of data, use, goodwill, or other intangible losses, resulting from (a) your access to or use of or inability to access or use the services; (b) any conduct or content of any third party on the services, including without limitation, any defamatory, offensive or illegal conduct of other users or third parties; or (c) unauthorized access, use or alteration of your transmissions or content.

Terms of Use Changes.
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to change or modify portions of these Terms at any time. If we do this in a way that changes your rights, we will post the changes on this page and will indicate at the top of this page the date these terms were last revised. We may require you to provide consent to the updated Terms before further use of the Services is permitted. Otherwise, your continued use of the Services after the date any such changes become effective constitutes your acceptance of the new Terms. If you do not agree to the amended Terms, you must stop using the Services. However, any dispute that arose before the changes shall be governed by the Terms that were in place when the dispute arose.

In the event of any dispute, we ask that you contact us first and attempt to resolve any dispute you have with us informally by contacting us at themelloapp@gmail.com

Have a great day!
